Rename component pages in `www` folder (#581)
thumbtack/thumbprint: www/src/pages/components/text-area/scss/index.mdx

    <a href="https://github.com/thumbtack/thumbprint/issues/566">Learn more about the changes</a>.
</Alert>

## Basic Text Area example

```html
<label class="tp-label" for="example-basic-text-area">Business description</label>
<textarea
    class="tp-textarea"
    id="example-basic-text-area"
    placeholder="Tell us about your business"
/>
```

## Textarea with an error

> The `tp-textarea--bad-news` class only changes the Text Area’s color. It should be used alongside an error message that helps users advance through the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tp-textarea--bad-news` class only changes the textarea's color. It should be used alongside an error message that helps users advance through the form.
```
